docs(parser): improve documentation with Pydantic best practices (#5925)
awslabs/aws-lambda-powertools-python: docs/utilities/parser.md

`model_validator` can help when you have a complex validation mechanism. For example finding whether data has been omitted or comparing field values.

> ???+ tip For users of `root_validator` (deprecated as of version 3.0.0), it is recommended to use `model_validator` instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
!!! tip "If you are still using the deprecated `root_validator` function, switch to `model_validator` for the latest Pydantic functionality."
```
